charts/README.md, before:

# Erpf Charts

This Repository contains all the charts used by Erpf for different components and is maintained by Jakob Erpf.

## Introduction

Some charts are used by Devtron for its functionality and other charts are also provided which can be used to add additional features and components in Devtron Cluster.

The Charts with its functionality is listed below:

- [keycloak](https://github.com/) as an end-to-end indentiy and access management with Keycloak
- [ory](https://github.com/) as an end-to-end indentiy and access management replacement of Keycloak and work in progress
- [bashub](https://github.com/) as terminal command history/repository with Bashhub
- [vaultwarden](https://github.com/) as an end-to-end indentiy and access management with Keycloak

## How to use the charts

### Install with Helm

These charts are currently not available on the official helm repository therefore you need to download it to install.

```bash
helm repo add erpf http://helm.erpf.de
helm install <release-name> erpf/<chart-name>
```

Commit message:

teleport improvments (#29)
* update upstream

* update configmap, add istio and certs

* variablize the domain in configmap

* take host from variable

* update version

* update gittignore

* cleanup values

* update chart version

* add teleport readme entry

charts/README.md, after:

# Erpf Charts

This Repository contains all the charts used by Erpf for different components and is maintained by Jakob Erpf.

## Introduction

Some charts are used by Devtron for its functionality and other charts are also provided which can be used to add additional features and components in Devtron Cluster.

The Charts with its functionality is listed below:

- [keycloak](https://github.com/) as an end-to-end indentiy and access management with Keycloak
- [ory](https://github.com/) as an end-to-end indentiy and access management replacement of Keycloak and work in progress
- [bashub](https://github.com/) as terminal command history/repository with Bashhub
- [vaultwarden](https://github.com/) as an end-to-end indentiy and access management with Keycloak
- [teleport](https://github.com/) as an cluster, vm and database access tooling with Teleport

## How to use the charts

### Install with Helm

These charts are currently not available on the official helm repository therefore you need to download it to install.

```bash
helm repo add erpf http://helm.erpf.de
helm install <release-name> erpf/<chart-name>
```
